c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\LUTSaber.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\LUTSaber.pdb
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\IllusionPlugin.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\TextMeshPro-1.0.55.2017.1.0b12.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\IllusionInjector.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\IllusionInjector.pdb
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.dll
c:\users\robyn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.pdb
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\LUTSaber.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\LUTSaber.pdb
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\TextMeshPro-1.0.55.2017.1.0b12.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.XRModule.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\IllusionInjector.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AssetBundleModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityAnalyticsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VehiclesModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClothModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainPhysicsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.StyleSheetsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UNETModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AccessibilityModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterInputModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ClusterRendererModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CrashReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GridModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PerformanceReportingModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SharedInternalsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteMaskModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.SpriteShapeModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIElementsModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAssetBundleModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WebModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.WindModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.XRModule.xml
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\bin\Debug\IllusionInjector.pdb
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.dll
C:\Users\Robyn\Desktop\Beat Saver Modding\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\LUTSaber\obj\Debug\LUTSaber.pdb
